fix(curriculum): add `for` attribute to `label` elements in registration-form project (#47332)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-html-forms-by-building-a-registration-form/62ff8e998d3e7eae14d6ae3b.md

---
id: 62ff8e998d3e7eae14d6ae3b
title: Step 28
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-28
---

# --description--

> Now, to follow accessiblity best practices, link the `input` elements and the `label` elements in the second fieldset together using the `for` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow accessibility best practices by linking the `input` elements and the `label` elements in the second `fieldset`.
```

> Use these values in order for the `id`s: `personal-account`, `business-account`, `terms-and-conditions`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use these values for the respective `id` properties: `personal-account`, `business-account`, `terms-and-conditions`
```

# --hints--

The first `input` element should have an `id` of `personal-account`.

```js

> assert(document.querySelectorAll('fieldset:nth-of-type(2) input')[0].matches('#personal-account'))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert(document.querySelectorAll('fieldset:nth-of-type(2) input')?.[0]?.matches('#personal-account'))
```

```

The second `input` element should have an `id` of `business-account`.

```js

> assert(document.querySelectorAll('fieldset:nth-of-type(2) input')[1].matches('#business-account'))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert(document.querySelectorAll('fieldset:nth-of-type(2) input')?.[1]?.matches('#business-account'))
```

```

The third `input` element should have an `id` of `terms-and-conditions`.

```js

> assert(document.querySelectorAll('fieldset:nth-of-type(2) input')[2].matches('#terms-and-conditions'))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert(document.querySelectorAll('fieldset:nth-of-type(2) input')?.[2]?.matches('#terms-and-conditions'))
```

```

The first `label` element should have a `for` attribute with a value of `personal-account`.

```js

> assert(document.querySelectorAll('fieldset:nth-of-type(2) label')[0].matches('label[for="personal-account"]'))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert(document.querySelectorAll('fieldset:nth-of-type(2) label')?.[0]?.matches('label[for="personal-account"]'))
```

```

The second `label` element should have a `for` attribute with a value of `business-account`.

```js

> assert(document.querySelectorAll('fieldset:nth-of-type(2) label')[1].matches('label[for="business-account"]'))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert(document.querySelectorAll('fieldset:nth-of-type(2) label')?.[1]?.matches('label[for="business-account"]'))
```

```

The third `label` element should have a `for` attribute with a value of `terms-and-conditions`.

```js

> assert(document.querySelectorAll('fieldset:nth-of-type(2) label')[2].matches('label[for="terms-and-conditions"]'))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert(document.querySelectorAll('fieldset:nth-of-type(2) label')?.[2]?.matches('label[for="terms-and-conditions"]'))
```
